I do things before asked or forced by circumstances.
I seek autonomy in relation to the rules and norms pre-established by other people.
I formulate strategies to influence or persuade other people.
I plan by dividing large tasks into subtasks with defined deadlines.
I am personally dedicated to obtaining information necessary for the development of my activities.
I set goals and objectives that are challenging and have personal meaning.
make decisions, evaluate alternatives and analyze the risks involved.
I find ways to do things better, faster or cheaper.
I take personal responsibility for resolving problems that may jeopardize the completion of work under the stipulated conditions.
I seek solutions when faced with a significant obstacle.
I develop new ideas and projects beyond current established solutions or proposals.
I maintain my point of view even in the face of opposition or initially discouraging results.
I use my network of contacts as a strategy to achieve my goals.
I constantly review my plans, taking into account the results obtained and changes that may have occurred.
I research how to carry out a certain activity or project, before it is carried out.
I have a long-term vision of what I hope to achieve, clearly and specifically.
I analyze information and make decisions to reduce risks or control results.
I do things in a way that meets or exceeds standards of excellence.
I collaborate with the work team or put myself in their shoes, if necessary, to complete an activity or task.
I repeatedly act or switch to an alternative strategy to meet a challenge or overcome an obstacle;
I take advantage of unusual opportunities to start a new project or activity, establish partnerships, expand learning.
I make a personal sacrifice or extraordinary effort to complete a task.
I strive to meet or exceed the expectations of people who demand diverse tasks and activities from me.
I ensure that the work is completed on time and meets pre-agreed quality standards.
I put myself in situations that involve challenges or moderate risks.
I set measurable short-term goals.
I consult experts on a specific subject to clarify doubts and seek support in carrying out a task or activity.
I keep records of my earnings and expenses and use them to make decisions about purchases or investments.
I have good relationships with people in order to maintain and expand my network of contacts.
I express confidence in my own ability to accomplish a difficult task or face a challenge.
